README: revamp readme to reflect main and the development process (#15)
quic-yocto/meta-qcom-hwe: README.md

# meta-qcom-hwe

> ![merge main](https://github.com/quic-yocto/meta-qcom-hwe/actions/workflows/merge-main.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)

Reviewer: 👍🏼

## Introduction

OpenEmbedded/Yocto Project hardware enablement layer for Qualcomm based platforms.

> This layers provides aditional recipes and machine configuration files for Qualcomm platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This layers provides additional recipes and machine configuration files for Qualcomm platforms.
```

Reviewer: I know this was not added or changed in this PR but I just noticed it.
